[Music]
Hello, how are you my dear
Lovers of the heart, my dear lovers
of Teresa Alceo. Well, first of all,
have a little patience
with me today. Okay, have a little compassion for me because,
as you've already noticed, I'm really hurt. I
'm really hurt with the cold and my
throat, it hurts a lot. I
said it last night on the live show and there were people
who told me tomorrow you're going to be worse. Well,
yes, I'm a little worse today I had to
cancel all plans. I'll try to
be as ready as possible.
Okay, but most likely the
safest thing is that we can confirm since I ca
n't do it live tonight. Okay, we have to
recover, we have to rest and I'll
be recording or doing whatever I
can. Daniel Sancho has pleaded not
guilty. You know, today he had that
appointment, that hearing that was suspended the other day
and it was supposed to take place today
with the judge. He had the possibility of pleading guilty, admitting to the facts with which he is charged: three crimes: premeditated murder, concealment of the body, and hiding, hiding. uh. I don't know exactly what the crime would be called there because here in Spain, documentation is not a crime.
Edwin Arrieta
has only admitted to one of the facts and that is the
dismemberment and concealment of
Edwin's body. Okay, he has not admitted to either
premeditated murder or
concealment of
documentation. I understand that this is the
advice of his lawyer and the strategy
he is following will be based on the fact that he can
fight the premeditation and fight for
reckless homicide and the issue of
documentation. Since I believe that this
will not be able to be proven, if it cannot be
proven they cannot convict him. I mean,
basically they have to have proof that
Edwin was carrying them at the time and
Daniel made them disappear. I understand that that's where
the shots will go. I don't know, okay. I'm going
to be watching some videos that
Axel posted on Twitter so you can help me
since my voice is a little broken, okay.
And today we have seen that
Daniel Sancho denied being guilty of the
premeditated crime of the Colombian in a
robbery on the island of Kopanang, as well as of
making his passport disappear. It is assumed
that if he had admitted to the facts and
pleaded guilty there would be
no trial and he would have had a
reduction in his sentence, maybe a
life sentence.  that later with good
behavior it could go down to 50 years
but since he hasn't admitted the facts
then he has to have a trial
and we'll see What happens is that two of
the three charges against him were
premeditated crime it was something that was always said
from the beginning by the
Thai police we saw in that
Big Joke press conference that they said
premeditated crime also the police dossier they
showed like those those belongings that
Daniel Sancho had supposedly
bought they showed us from the beginning that
video of Daniel shopping in that
supermarket and as for making the
passport disappear no, that was one of the things
for which uh It is still a crime for
Daniel Sancho it seems that he denies such a
thing in this hearing eh that we have today
just well that it was a few anyway
the issue of the
passport going missing I understand that it would be because
Ewin would have carried it with him I mean if it is not
in Ewin's luggage that yes it
was in the room I understand no if
the passport was not there it is because he
carried it with him in his wallet in his clothes
in his bag and Daniel throws it away with his
body we have to remember we have to remember that the
cell phone also
disappears then it has all the
tickets and it seems that the
documentation would have the same fate
the hours therefore two of the three
charges against him Daniel Sancho
denies them about the passport I don't know if you
remember but they said that he had
thrown them in some garbage about the passport I do
n't know if you remember but they said that he
had thrown it uh those documents not
documents of the victim they said that he had
thrown them in some uh garbage dumps in
hring which is like one of the uh beaches
uh most visited of what is Copan Gang
where the full moon party is celebrated
but so it is assumed that the
first one Yes he said that he had thrown them away
but we also know from this hearing that
nevertheless he did plead guilty to
concealing body parts as well as
dismemberment Although Sancho assured
during this hearing that Juan
Reta's death was due to an accident Likewise The
young Spaniard told the judge today that he
wanted to dispense with the services of the
public defender crit su tanon who
was assigned to him on October 26
when the accused  appeared before the
judge without a private lawyer, an
important fact, uh, which is the next thing we're going to
see, I'm taking all of
Axel's Twitter, okay, so he can help me
a little with my throat, uh, one of the
important and curious details of
today, uh, is the fact that they have hired
the previous lawyer that
the family had hired to defend Daniel Sancho.
There, remember that he is a lawyer with
whom things ended badly because they had Riff and
Raffe García Montes and he in the way of
handling it, they did not agree. They have
taken him as a witness, he is one of the more
than 20 witnesses that the prosecution has, the
police in this case, okay, this man is
going to comment that it was what he
knew, what he knew, and what was what
the family
had told him at first, I mean, look, I think
that in Spain this is unfeasible, I think that
in Spain, with the
professional secrecy that exists, it is completely
unfeasible, it is that we are not understanding
that it is another continent, another different legislation
and it is no longer the legislation as such, no,
because there may be differences
in the penal and civil codes between
countries that are  close or whatever but
the law is different we have
a form of Roman Justice okay
And these people have something completely
different you say what here in Spain
Maybe they can't convict you
for premeditation because it can't be
proven Even if there are indications I don't know
what needs to be proven okay But there he
grabs you and says but you're taking
us for fools or what And then he
has it really bad or rather Daniel has it
really bad another thing to mention is that
the prosecution will bring Kun anan as a witness
the first lawyer of the young man from
Madrid Daniel Sancho And according to what the
defense of the Kun aná family reveals, he will
appear and will even be one
of the witnesses that they will bring to trial And
one of these witnesses will be Kun
anan the first lawyer that Daniel
Sancho had who has already been required by the
prosecution according to different sources during
the hearing the prosecution
which is the only legal accusation will be in
charge of proposing the sentences it
considers and it will be Daniel who can accept them or not
and it will be at that time and in the
event that he does not  accept when the
date is set for the trial in which
Edwin's family can now
participate as an accusation along with the
prosecution. Even so, it is also said that in
terms of witnesses, witnesses
who appear in court have to
be witnesses from the area where
things happened, not outside of that
area that they cannot propose
witnesses because they were not there, they cannot
bring them. The witness that counts is the one who
was only there on the day of the crime and
in the area where this happened, it is said
in different media that witnesses
have to be from the same day, that is,
look at the difference with that,
because here in Spain you can
bring a witness who was not at the
event. I mean, you can bring a
witness who can bring, uh, bring an
officer, an expert, a doctor, you can
bring a witness who has been, uh, has
witnessed a call, I do
n't know, or that a neighbor told him something or
who has witnessed, there are a thousand examples
that I can give you, okay, it is a
completely different judicial system, it is a
completely different culture, they
base honor in a different way,
respect in another  different thing we're
talking about another part of the world, I
mean it's a completely
different culture from p to this Rodolfo Sancho when he
leaves the
sight he comes out laughing okay I don't know if
you'll get to see it if I enlarge it I'll cover it up
well surely you can see it a little he doesn't
come out laughing
eh he comes out a bit like a
star
apparently it's the prosecution the
premeditation proven not only hasn't
he gone to the jorn
nov you know
everything he puts a cut there to Álvaro
López look he leaves it Ah cuts he pats him
on the shoulder and if you know everything
dude if you know everything no because
this man on tele5 has been uh
basically covering the news and
bringing all the information he can
like doing his job well no I don't
know if he says it for something in particular I've
been looking to see if he has said
anything some outrageous thing about the case
that could have upset the family
really like that the most viral thing that we saw from
him was this this intervention where he
told us the possibilities
today of pleading guilty or innocent
and if he pleaded guilty he had a greater
chance of getting it lowered  the penalty
and that if he denied the facts then
Thailand was going to get angry and that
surely they were going to want to
sentence him to death So I don't know well I don't
know if Rodolfo is upset
that's why they are going to inform you Now I think they are
going to inform you Now I think you
have changed the lawyer you already have him let's
attend let's assist cheer up
Rodolfo laughs he leaves
smiling I don't know the truth is that it's just that I do
n't understand it it's really strange to
see him with this attitude he has with the son who has
just seen the son who comes for a
moment to witness the hearing and they take
him away again I don't understand I do
n't understand much this this attitude I don't
know if it's normal if it's a form of
self-defense no roso eh everything too not only I'm
missing you
there the journalist lowers his
pants a little no and says it's
stupid to have complicity with him and
we are going to listen to these words from an
interview that Axel did with Carmen
balfagón that for me well some
interventions that he has had in the
media some walks that he has taken through the
means have not been the most
appropriate surely for the case no
but well she is one of the lawyers
that Rodolfo has hired on her team
and she is completely convinced
that she can defend the premeditation. In other
words, he has made us and then or
eating on this side eating on the
other side he goes to the Anantara then to
Crystal day and does not leave when from the
point of view and forgive me and I hope
this does not bother the point of view of
a more botched criminal act it
cannot be if it is indeed that you
were it is premeditated and so on
so many botched jobs would not have been committed if there is
premeditation you have everything
perfectly prepared But is there really
premeditation when there are remains that
allegedly Because these
allegedly throw the garbage cans
next to the bungalow there is
premeditation meditation when you say I'm not
going to do it I leave it
anywhere that it takes them two or three days to
find it And that same night I get out of
there and I come that is a premeditation
but this or rather all this is I mean
you rent the motorcycle for 10 days you have  the
ticket for the 23rd What have you
really planned? Who
sincerely believes in a normal person that
this is planned? It's more the
worse you are, since they wanted to
draw Daniel more perfect, he should have
done it if he's so bad, a
psychopath prepares him phenomenally. Well, what is
the lawyer going to say? No, she's not going to say
the opposite, family. What do you think? I'll
be reading your opinion in the
comments box. I send you a
huge hug and see you soon. Bye
[Music]
Bye